thirsty on an island simon was
shipwrecked and washed up on the shore
of a deserted island
he's thirsty and the only thing he has
is a plastic bag and a straw
after looking around he sees a juicy
cactus
a tall leafy tree a dirty pond
a pool of mud how can he use the plastic
bag to get water
he can't use the cactus it can be toxic
and without a sharp tool to reach the
pulp
the plastic bag is useless the dirty
pond and muddy pool
are filled with bacteria and parasites
and without
tools to start a fire and boil the water
he could get sick
the best bet is the tall leafy tree he
simply needs to tie the bag
on the edge of a branch and pierce it
slightly with a stick
the tree will produce drinkable water
through transpiration
well that's clever where's the waiter
adam is the headwaiter at a one-story
steakhouse
on the busiest night of the week he
vanished and the
owner called the police to file a
missing persons report
detectives talked to the last three
people who saw him
a trainee server said she only saw him
when he got to work and parked his
bicycle
the chef said he saw the waiter in the
kitchen when he came to get a glass of
orange juice
the cook said he last saw the waiter
going upstairs
after the statements the police arrested
the cook
why
this was a one-story restaurant he
couldn't have gone
upstairs spilling the tea
susie went to study for her university
exam at a coffee shop
she ordered a white tee and sat down ten
minutes later
she got up to go to the bathroom when
she returned
her laptop wouldn't turn on and her
teacup was empty
someone had spilled the tea on her
computer and cleaned it up
she called the manager told him what
happened and they came up with three
suspects
the barista said he had been swamped and
didn't see anything
the supervisor said he was sorry that
the milky t spilled on the computer
and he could see if insurance would
cover the cost
the head barista said he was sorry the
milky t spilled on her laptop and he'd
make her another one while they waited
for the police to arrive
immediately the store manager knew who
did it
it was the supervisor he couldn't have
known that the tea had milk in it since
it was cleaned up
the only person who remembered the order
was the one who prepared it
the missing phone we're at the coffee
shop again
this time stuart forgot his phone on the
table when he left
but once he realized and came back his
phone was gone
he saw a guy running outside the store
and stuart chased him
when he caught him stuart said i've lost
my device
did you take it by accident the man
replied
i have no idea where your phone is sir i
was just grabbing coffee
stewart immediately called the police
why
[Music]
stuart told him he lost his device that
could have been
anything from a smart watch to a camera
or something else
the guy couldn't have known it was a
phone unless he took it
where did the baker go the cupcakes den
is a local shop that became
famous for its tasty well you guessed it
cupcakes
on monday morning the head baker
vanished and the shop couldn't deliver
the 200 cupcakes they had promised for a
birthday party
the owner called the police and they had
three suspects in their custody
the helper said he had gone out to buy
more frosting
but when he returned the baker was gone
the waiter said he had been cleaning the
shop of the massive mess
from making the 200 cupcakes the manager
said he was meeting with a new
supplier to get more beef jerky at the
shop
the detectives knew who was lying can
you guess it
[Music]
it's the manager who needs beef jerky at
a cupcake shop
get the last question right adam was
taking part in a brain teaser tv game
show
and he had one last question to answer
before winning
fifty thousand dollars he was tired and
decided to call his best friend luke
to help him the hosts asked if you could
rearrange the order of the letters in
this word
acipis what does it show
a country a city a large mountain or
an ocean luke answered correctly can you
an ocean if you unscramble the word it
shows
pacific where is he hiding
martin vanished one morning and his
family called the police
detectives searched everywhere and
questioned 15 people
but none of them gave any untruthful
answers
his son jake found a letter from his dad
saying
if you love me you'll find me he went to
his father's
office to see if he could find any clues
he was looking around the room
and immediately knew where his father
was hiding
can you guess it
on the wall there's a picture frame with
his dad's cabin
and it's got a hand-drawn circle on it
he must be there
lost in an underwater cave sarah just
got
her certificate as a cave diver she
decided to spend her afternoon
exploring some dangerous underwater
ocean caves
while turning left and right she got
lost
she didn't have enough time to look for
her way back and continued swimming
further
that was when she came across three
openings
through the first there were 45 hungry
piranhas
through the second a great white shark
and through the last one
a giant box jellyfish which is the
safest path
[Music]
the first one piranhas are fresh water
fish
they can't survive in salt water
the van susan was outside
watering her plants when she noticed
three people dressed in black clothing
carrying
electronic devices from her neighbor's
home
she asked them what they were doing and
they said they were from a moving
company
immediately susan called the police why
there were no license plates on the van
and movers
don't only carry electronic equipment
but all sorts of stuff
the prison escape one morning detective
smith was called into a maximum security
prison
to discover how three men had managed to
escape from their cells
the prisoners could neither see nor talk
to each other
but they arranged their escape together
they went to the shower room at
breakfast lunch and dinner
and only one person was allowed in at
different periods
how did they manage to communicate and
escape
they wrote messages to each other on the
bathroom mirrors
used steam to read them and planned
their escape together
the villa disappearance it was a
cold rainy weekend michael susie
amara and luke were spending saturday
and sunday together playing board games
on saturday morning when they woke up
amra was missing
they looked everywhere for her but
couldn't find her
that was when luke called the police
detectives examined the room and asked
everybody what they were doing at 4 00
am
luke said he couldn't sleep so he went
downstairs to the gaming room to play
some online games
michael said he couldn't sleep either so
he went outside to look at the stars
susie said she followed michael outside
to get some fresh air
that was when the detectives figured out
who was lying
[Music]
michael and susie it was a rainy weekend
remember the cursed
photo alan was on his final stretch to
becoming a detective
he passed a bunch of assessments until
he reached the last one
this was where his attention to detail
skills would be tested
the chief of police handed allen a photo
he told him
this is michael he's having a birthday
party but
something in this photo is very eerie
alan spotted it in two seconds can you
there's a hand inside the blue balloon
well how did it get there the right
amount of water
peter was the best problem solver in his
class
one day his chemistry teacher called him
up to test his intelligence and inspire
his peers
he gave peter three glass jugs none of
them had any measuring markings on them
but just a label showing their maximum
capacity
the first jug was filled with water up
to the top
and the label read 8 liters the second
was empty
and its label showed 5 liters the third
was
also empty with a maximum capacity of 3
liters
the teacher told peter to arrange the
liquid so that only
2 liters remained in one glass jug
without using
any measuring tools peter figured out
how to do it
in four seconds
first he needs to fill the five liter
jug all the way to the top
then he needs to pour the water from the
5 liter jug into the 3 liter jar
until it's full what remains in the 5
liter jug
is 2 liters the treasure coin
an archaeologist spent the past year
looking for a lost
ancient treasure as he was digging he
found one
ancient gold coin he took it to his
museum
when his colleagues carefully cleaned
the coin and took a closer look
they refused to accept it why
it reads 100 bce on the back
ancient people didn't know they lived in
that era or
did they no they didn't